readme.md, before:


# Susa — [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/AkkadianGames/Susa.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/AkkadianGames/Susa)
## Networked web game framework

  - [**Roadmap**](https://trello.com/b/MGlfhN1a/susa-roadmap) — glean into Susa's future.

Susa is:

  - A high level framework for online multiplayer action web games.
  - A platform and workflow for rapid web game development.
  - Free and open source — ISC licensed.
  - Currently in early development.
  - Seeking collaborators.
  - **An [❂ Akkadian Games](https://github.com/AkkadianGames) project:**
    - [Nanoshooter](https://github.com/AkkadianGames/Nanoshooter#readme) → *robotic tank combat 3D multiplayer action web game.*
    - [Susa](https://github.com/AkkadianGames/Susa#readme) → *networked web game framework.*

Overarching goals:

  - Online multiplayer action via WebRTC (RTCDataChannel).
  - Realtime collaborative map editing experience.
  - Built on [BabylonJS](http://www.babylonjs.com/) — 3D web game engine.

Susa's development is intertwined with its sister project, [Nanoshooter](https://github.com/AkkadianGames/Nanoshooter#readme), and is typically developed on as a submodule within the Nanoshooter project. We're keeping Susa and Nanoshooter's development workflow tightly integrated during these early stages, though are maintaining separated repositories, roadmaps, issue tracking, and versioning.

Commit message:

Update gitter room, add integration with travis.

readme.md, after:


# Susa — [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/AkkadianGames/Susa.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/AkkadianGames/Susa) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/AkkadianGames/AkkadianLounge](https://badges.gitter.im/AkkadianGames/AkkadianLounge.svg)](https://gitter.im/AkkadianGames/AkkadianLounge?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
## Networked web game framework

  - [**Roadmap**](https://trello.com/b/MGlfhN1a/susa-roadmap) — glean into Susa's future.
  - [**Gitter**](https://gitter.im/AkkadianGames/AkkadianLounge) — text chat, pop in and say hi!

Susa is:

  - Currently in early development.
  - Free and open source — ISC licensed.
  - Seeking collaborators.
  - Written in TypeScript.
  - Integrates with [BabylonJS](http://www.babylonjs.com/), the 3D web game engine.
  - **An [❂ Akkadian Games](https://github.com/AkkadianGames) project:**
    - [Nanoshooter](https://github.com/AkkadianGames/Nanoshooter#readme) → *robotic tank combat 3D multiplayer action web game, built on Susa.*
    - [Susa](https://github.com/AkkadianGames/Susa#readme) → *networked web game framework.*

Vision:

  - A high level framework for online multiplayer action web games.
  - Online multiplayer action via WebRTC (RTCDataChannel).
  - A platform and workflow for rapid web game development.
  - Realtime collaborative map editing experience.

Susa's development is intertwined with its sister project, [Nanoshooter](https://github.com/AkkadianGames/Nanoshooter#readme), and is typically developed on as a submodule within the Nanoshooter project. We're keeping Susa and Nanoshooter's development workflow tightly integrated during these early stages, though are maintaining separated repositories, roadmaps, issue tracking, and versioning.
